README.md, before:

# indie-tools

- [Icons8](https://icons8.com) - free icons, music, stock photos, vector illustrations.
- [Fontello](http://fontello.com) - create your own icon sets.
- [Jolloficons](https://jolloficons.com) - Free 3D, isometric, and abstract icons and emojis.
- [Undraw](https://undraw.co) - free illustrations. Other options: [Humaaans](http://humaaans.com) (human-focused).
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) - free stock photos. Other options: [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com), [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com), [Pikwizard](https://pikwizard.com) (human-focused).
- [Iconscout](https://iconscout.com) - high quality, editable icons, illustration and stock photos.
- [VectorLogoZone](https://vectorlogo.zone) - freely-downloadable brand logos as vector SVGs. Other options: [Clearbit Logo API](https://clearbit.com/logo)
- [Freepik](https://freepik.com) - free vector art, photos and PSD downloads.
- [FlatIcons](https://flaticon.com) - free vector icons in SVG, PSD, PNG, and base64 formats.
- [Tint and Shade Generator](https://maketintsandshades.com/) - generate tints and shades of any colour.
- [Metatags](https://metatags.io/) - generate social media previews.
- [RichPreview](https://richpreview.com) - test how links to your site would show up on social media. Other options: [HeyMeta](https://www.heymeta.com/), [Pilcro](https://social.pilcro.com/).
- [Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) - generate favicons, free and easy.
- [LogoHub](https://logohub.io) - free and easy logo generation.
- [Cruip](http://cruip.com) - free landing page templates.
- [Cool Backgrounds](https://coolbackgrounds.io/) - free background images/patterns. Other options: [Hero Patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/), [Novapattern](https://www.novapattern.com/), [Flaticon](https://pattern.flaticon.com/).
- [Mixkit](https://mixkit.co/) - free motion backgrounds/videos. Other options: [coverr](http://coverr.co).
- [FREE FRONTEND](https://freefrontend.com/) - hand-picked HTML and CSS code examples, tutorials and articles.
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/) - UI design inspiration. Other options: [Uplabs](https://www.uplabs.com/), [Collect UI](http://collectui.com/).
- [Soundbible](http://soundbible.com/) - free sound clips and effects.
- [Paletton](https://paletton.com) - build color palettes to use in your site or app.
- [Emoji builder](http://phlntn.com/emojibuilder/) - just in case you need custom emojis, for whatever reason :eyes:.
- [I wish there was an app for...](https://iwishtherewasanappfor.com) - if you're looking for ideas.
- [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - create illustrations with a hand-drawn look and feel
- [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) - edit photos online with ease without downloading software.

## Contributing to this list
- If there are any useful resources not included here, do send a PR.
- Please follow the existing format of entries.
- Try to keep related resources next to each other.
- Keep descriptions short and simple.
- Add alternatives to a pre-existing entry using the "Other options: " style, for easy discovery.
- Please only add **high-quality** items to this list. Quality is subjective, but the ideal additions to this list should not be difficult to use or spam the users.
- Tools that are free/open-source are preferred. The idea of this list is to provide low-cost yet quality product development tools.

Commit message:

add magic mockups to indie-tools list

README.md, after:

# indie-tools

- [Icons8](https://icons8.com) - free icons, music, stock photos, vector illustrations.
- [Fontello](http://fontello.com) - create your own icon sets.
- [Jolloficons](https://jolloficons.com) - Free 3D, isometric, and abstract icons and emojis.
- [Undraw](https://undraw.co) - free illustrations. Other options: [Humaaans](http://humaaans.com) (human-focused).
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) - free stock photos. Other options: [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com), [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com), [Pikwizard](https://pikwizard.com) (human-focused).
- [Iconscout](https://iconscout.com) - high quality, editable icons, illustration and stock photos.
- [VectorLogoZone](https://vectorlogo.zone) - freely-downloadable brand logos as vector SVGs. Other options: [Clearbit Logo API](https://clearbit.com/logo)
- [Freepik](https://freepik.com) - free vector art, photos and PSD downloads.
- [FlatIcons](https://flaticon.com) - free vector icons in SVG, PSD, PNG, and base64 formats.
- [Tint and Shade Generator](https://maketintsandshades.com/) - generate tints and shades of any colour.
- [Metatags](https://metatags.io/) - generate social media previews.
- [RichPreview](https://richpreview.com) - test how links to your site would show up on social media. Other options: [HeyMeta](https://www.heymeta.com/), [Pilcro](https://social.pilcro.com/).
- [Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) - generate favicons, free and easy.
- [LogoHub](https://logohub.io) - free and easy logo generation.
- [Cruip](http://cruip.com) - free landing page templates.
- [Cool Backgrounds](https://coolbackgrounds.io/) - free background images/patterns. Other options: [Hero Patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/), [Novapattern](https://www.novapattern.com/), [Flaticon](https://pattern.flaticon.com/).
- [Mixkit](https://mixkit.co/) - free motion backgrounds/videos. Other options: [coverr](http://coverr.co).
- [FREE FRONTEND](https://freefrontend.com/) - hand-picked HTML and CSS code examples, tutorials and articles.
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/) - UI design inspiration. Other options: [Uplabs](https://www.uplabs.com/), [Collect UI](http://collectui.com/).
- [Soundbible](http://soundbible.com/) - free sound clips and effects.
- [Paletton](https://paletton.com) - build color palettes to use in your site or app.
- [Emoji builder](http://phlntn.com/emojibuilder/) - just in case you need custom emojis, for whatever reason :eyes:.
- [I wish there was an app for...](https://iwishtherewasanappfor.com) - if you're looking for ideas.
- [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - create illustrations with a hand-drawn look and feel
- [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) - edit photos online with ease without downloading software.
- [Magic Mockups](https://magicmockups.com/) - generate free mockups for use on your websites or portfolios.

## Contributing to this list
- If there are any useful resources not included here, do send a PR.
- Please follow the existing format of entries.
- Try to keep related resources next to each other.
- Keep descriptions short and simple.
- Add alternatives to a pre-existing entry using the "Other options: " style, for easy discovery.
- Please only add **high-quality** items to this list. Quality is subjective, but the ideal additions to this list should not be difficult to use or spam the users.
- Tools that are free/open-source are preferred. The idea of this list is to provide low-cost yet quality product development tools.
